For some reason I can stop with
any series from this channel - easter eggs
I feel really good doing this guy.
and it was even better when I
I see your feedback is
too awesome for me
the last strong enough to like both
easter eggs is in today's video has
expects nostalgia attacks on easter egg
I'm not going to put him there.
man this is very fucking and it was a move
from master face
reminding the store address reviewed from
games is in the description in case you want
visit the mob store near and want
You can visit there and also if you want
send some letters
the old console album since the sound
damn if you do not send the
master system 2
I cried a serious then there is sus
relax and go to the video
and beginning with just released the
witcher 3
two good references so let's go
the first in a game graveyard you
you find two statues and if you
distract the province seconds them
They start to move out of nowhere.
attack you stay calm
need not be afraid but for those who have
fear of sharjah and some heat and latex
fucking my london this is going to scare
A lot of people almost forgot to mention that
these state-owned enterprises are
universe of doctor series some
in the game you also find a
reference to the paguim sou frony and it is
of a body thrown to the ground in a place
that looks like a prison
Now tell me the comments there if this
does not refer to it there and gas in
few turns
Fuck not and now we go with Donkey Kong.
tropical freeze that game has an easter
eggs are pretty cool and nostalgic too
so come on
at that time the game when you
break the plane and go back inside
there you will have a surprise televisions
with former donkey kong titles go
appear
look what the fuck
at the end of one of the phases of the game you
find the donkey kong side version
1981 arcade
Look who out he'll be there in the
giant fund
now the arm of nostalgia goes until
shaking hand binds at a game site
secret of course you find a box
sound a radiola just like my grandmother
say
and there you hear old nostalgic songs
from previous series games and
I could listen to this for hours.
hand binds
If you 're from this season, surely you
You're going to spend a lot of time listening there.
Because the shit is so fucking good.
I always say that they are interested show
part in any game of rockstar pro
she then telex games and does with
that the players stick together in the game
even after you have 100% done it
you never know what she can have
hidden there, right?
and this developer years bf radilla
to get on this wave and not only
for putting in easter egg in this game until
even because they already did it in the
previous series games
but for innovating in the concept easter egg
they put several easter eggs in this
and who does not remember the premiere of
car soup
The old man, this sucks.
guys were over there
they put an easter egg or several
easter eggs to see you have
that try about ten thousand times
to get one at what point is this
daniel and are extremely refills
secrets that for you to get old
You will have to sweat and of course you have
people who got it and I 'm going to let it go
some of them there and just look what
Mano pen is stronger than the
other
concluded
will have
just pay the holders
who pays me these practices
in my opinion the old man the latter and
The magic was fucking the most expensive I gave
much laughter when I saw that in the opinion
Which of these was the best?
Bold I wonder how it 's there and there.
This was the video of today I hope
you have liked and if you really
Do not forget to leave the team to
help you subscribe to the channel if by
Did you come here with a parachute and enjoyed it?
content is a very important thing
said face then it costs nothing so I
I'll know what you think about this video.
beauty now the rebel game is with the
aaa store a store and you can
know the address is the case description
live nearby can give a necklace and that
I do not have another week to call me
I'll show you something else too.
be the shirts of the channel soon
store and you may also be ordering
anything a letter or any
another kind of thing if you tell me to
I'm going to make a special video just for
talk what you've said and quote your
name
So, what's the description there, stay with God?
which is the basis of everything and until the next
video